# SNHU-CS340
#### 1. How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
>  To write a program that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable, we need to make the code readable first, then make it clean for maintenance purposes in order to come back and debug the errors it may have. 
#### 2. How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
> I would say read the requirement thoroughly and understand it clearly so we can be able to make the project work smoothly, or else we are going to add more confusion into the code structure or potentially broke the code baseline. The technique is to write a bit, test a bit and debug any errors while testing; in order to have a functional dashboard with python, dash, and mongodb. 
#### 3. What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
> I think computer scientists will have the same mentality as any coder do while working on this type of project, read, understand, write, test, and debug and the cycle will loop over and over again until we have a good result. 
